c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\WebApiMails.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\WebApiMails.pdb
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.dll
c:\users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.pdb
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.migracionInicial.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.migration2.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.correo.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApiMails\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\WebApiMails.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\WebApiMails.pdb
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.migracionInicial.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.migration2.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.correo.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.pdb
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\NuGet.Versioning.dll
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\bin\NuGet.Versioning.xml
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.emailHistory.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.alterEmailsHistory.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.alterEmailsHistory1.resources
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\daniel.melo\Documents\Capacitacion\C#\apiweb\WebApiMails\obj\Debug\WebApiMails.Migrations.altermailshistory.resources
